<<<<<<< HEAD
title: "README"
author: "hwang56"
date: "Sunday, July 27, 2014"
output: html_document

## Tasks on data cleaning 
1. Download the datasets (zipped) from URL
2. Merge training and test datasets.
3. Extract measurements only on mean and standard deviation   
   (std) for each type of measurements.
4. Use descriptive activity names (6 activities) to name the   
   activities (1:6 from y dataset)
5. Labels dataset with variable names (feature.txt)
6. Creates a seperate tidy dataset with the average of values of 
   each variable for each subject and activity.

## Description on UCI_HAR Dataset

### training dataset 
1. X_train.txt: main data for the training group, 7352 obs. of  
   561 variables
2. y_train.txt: 6 levels (1:6) activities, see activity_labels
   .txt for labels.
3. subject_train.txt: IDs for individuals from the training 
   group.

### testing dataset 
1. X_test.txt: main data for the testing group, 2947 obs. of 561 variables
2. y_test.txt: 6 levels (1:6) activities, see activity_labels.txt for labels.
3. subject_test.txt: IDs for individuals from the testing group.

### files containing additional information
1. features.txt: variable names for the 561 variables
2. activity_labels.txt: activity labels for 6 types of activity.   
3. feature_info.txt: further detailed information on generating  
   variables (561 length feature vector) from the raw signal 
   measurments(Inertial Signals)signals
4. README.txt: Project title and contact information; Overal description on the project; list of files in the dataset.  


## Strategy and Steps for data cleaning 
1. Read in dataset
2. To merge the training and testing data sets into one big  
dataframe X.
3. To name the column names of X with the 561-length feature vector.       
4. To combine "subject" and "activity_labels" files with X. 
5. To extract information from the 561-length feature vector that only contains mean and standard deviation of the variables for each measurement.
6. X_sub1: finally, the first tidy dataset (X_sub1) is generated following the above four steps.
7. X_sub2: the second tidy data set (X_sub2) was generated by function aggregate() which contains the average values of each variable for each subject and activity.






=======
GettingCleaningDataProject
==========================

Coursera course
>>>>>>> 03a1c2fae921724cb4911b2be3fcedfc23116506
